README.md, before:

### LedangKhoa GotIT Exams

1. Install `Composer` dependencies.

        composer install 

   If your version php: "8.*". You should use

        composer install --ignore-platform-reqs


2. Install `NPM` dependencies.

        npm install


3. The below command will compile all the assets(sass, js, media) to public folder:

        npm run dev


4. Copy `.env.example` file and create duplicate. Use `cp` command for Linux or Max user.

        cp .env.example .env

   If you are using `Windows`, use `copy` instead of `cp`.

        copy .env.example .env


5. Create a table in MySQL database and fill the database details `DB_DATABASE` in `.env` file.


6. The below command will create tables into database using Laravel migration and seeder.

        php artisan migrate:fresh --seed

   I created 3 seeders and migrations for this test and
   1. UserSeeder: 3 users with user_id in [1,2,3]
   2. GiftSeeder: 3 gifts 
   3. VoucherSeeder: 100 vouchers and random value user_id in [1,3,3]

8. Generate your application encryption key:

        php artisan key:generate

9. Start the localhost server:

        php artisan serve

Commit message:

optimize remind for manual , add sql file and remove useless files

README.md, after:

### LedangKhoa GotIT Exams

1. Install `Composer` dependencies.

        composer install 

   If your version php: "8.*". You should use

        composer install --ignore-platform-reqs


2. Install `NPM` dependencies.

        npm install


3. The below command will compile all the assets(sass, js, media) to public folder:

        npm run dev


4. Copy `.env.example` file and create duplicate. Use `cp` command for Linux or Max user.

        cp .env.example .env

   If you are using `Windows`, use `copy` instead of `cp`.

        copy .env.example .env


5. Create a table in MySQL database and fill the database details `DB_DATABASE` in `.env` file.


6. The below command will create tables into database using Laravel migration and seeder.

        php artisan migrate:fresh --seed

   I created 3 seeders and migrations for this test and
   1. UserSeeder: 3 users with user_id in [1,2,3]
   2. GiftSeeder: 3 gifts 
   3. VoucherSeeder: 100 vouchers and random value user_id in [1,3,3]

   Or

       Import database by sql file in "database/exam.sql"

7. Generate your application encryption key:

        php artisan key:generate

8. Start the localhost server:

        php artisan serve
